So I hope you were able to put together this structure here.
There are two things, of course, there's this text, which is really easy this week and then we have
a more complex structure here, but not really.
So that is that it will have, of course, a scrollable view.
So a lazy column looks like would be the best candidate.
And then you create, of course, a row write a card that we then have a row with all of this information.
OK, so hope you really stopped took as long as you need to put this together because it's very important
to actually do these exercises when I ask you to do.
OK, let's go ahead and tackle this.
First, we are going to position ourselves, so we are going to add to that, of course, inside of
right below here.
Going to put a text.
They will say.
This week like that, and of course, I'm going to style it a little bit and use topography.
I'm going to use a subtitle for this one.
Subtitle one.
Can have a font weight.
I want this to be bold.
And, Eric, well.
And so next, I'm going to add this structure here, which is, first of all, I'm going to create a
surface because I want to enclose everything if I make this bigger.
You can see that I do have this very nice arch there.
Pass a modifier.
I say, Phil Max Width as well as Phil Mac's height.
And then what I'm going to do.
When add color, background color.
Use hex color here
like that.
OK.
And then, of course, I'm going to pass a shape because I need that nice shape when I use the rounded
corner shape and a size.
About 14 dpi for all of the sites.
All right, very good.
So inside of here, it's where I'm going to pass a lazy column.
Because we get to use that lazy column to show the scroll of view, but most importantly, the lazy
column allows us to actually create as many rows as we want.
As the data source is growing, it doesn't matter because lazy column knows how to recycle those views
and make everything efficient.
Very handy.
It's going to pass a modifier here, say padding or about two deep, and then I'm going to actually
pass the content.
Padding and say padding values.
All around, over one, one over by one.
So what this means is that this pattern is going to be applied to the items inside of of our lazy column.
All right.
And of course, we have a lambda there.
OK, very good.
So for our lazy column, going to pass items, right?
So there's different flavors of this method items I want the one that accepts a list of items in this
case, some items.
Set that to our data, right?
And get to the list, which is going to be a list of weather.
All right.
And then, of course, infrared lambda in this case here I'm going to see.
Item is going to be whether items like this or we can start using them.
So what I'm going to do here for now, I'm just going to put a text so you can see that I'm going to
pass our item, which is going to be whether item object and I'm going to get, let's see.
I want to just go get the temp and the max say to string like this so we can see.
And just like that, you can see we get all of the highs for Istanbul in Fahrenheit, right?
One two three four five six seven So what happens here is that it goes and loops through all of these
forecasts and we are getting, of course, the max for each one of these objects that we have for the
seven day forecast.
OK, very good.
So we know we're getting good data in case we weren't sure, but at least now we know everything is
working fine, so now we can actually work on the the row.
So we want something that looks like this, this structure here.
How do we do that?
Well, this is much easier now because now I can create something like whether Detail Row and I'm going
to pass or whether object.
Say he's equal to weather item like this.
And let's go ahead and create this puppy.
Now, if you look at our weather bureau here, we noticed that we have something that we need to look
into, which is that icon we said before, if you look back, you will notice that for us to be able
to create an icon, we need a an image.
You are out there just copy base and go to our weather.
I'm going to paste there because we're going to be using that.
OK, so let's just change that to weather icon like this.
So it works.
Now what I'm going to do inside here, well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to restructure this
structure, create this structure, this rope.
OK.
And as you see here, the moment you look something like this, there's different ways to think of in
terms of how you're going to create such structure.
You can create a card, but I like using surface in this case because I can change it to my liking by
the card would have worked as well.
OK, let's go ahead and look at putting together the surface.
So surface.
And I'm going to say padding for a modifier here.
Looks like it can just say modifier padding.
Three deep.
And then Phil Max with OK.
And next, what I can do.
Let's pass a shape because I need, I say, circle shape and what I want to do also instead of just
having a generic circle shack shape.
And what I want to do also, instead of having a generic circle shape, I'm going to create, I'm going
to customize it even further by saying as follows Dot copy method.
So what this allows us is what this allows us to do is to create a customizable, a customized shape,
which means, as you see, I can change the top start corner size if I want to crop it, if I want to
make it harder, if I want to make it more circular, more curved or more sharp and so forth.
So this is really, really good.
So what I want to do is I want to change the top end corner, passing the corner size right dpi there
and I want to see make it to be six that dpi, which means the top end is going to be here.
So I want it to be a little bit sharper.
Anywhere else is going to be around like you see there, but here I want it to be sharper.
That's what I'm doing there.
How cool is that, right?
And then I'm going to make sure that the color when I just make it color that white like this.
And then I'm going to add a row, why, because all of these are going to be inside of a room.
So I'm going to create that room.
OK, so from my room, when I put him under fire here, I'm going to Max.
Phil, let's see.
Phil, Max, if you type with like this good and then
I'm going to say vertical or alignment on the center vertically and horizontal arrangement.
I want a space in between.
The reason why is because I want to make sure that because we're going, I'm going to have a longer
rule.
So many items, I want to have space in between all of them.
OK.
Very good.
So now I'm going to start constructing the internal items like what's inside of this row?
So the first thing is going to be this what I want to do.
I just want to see Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday and so forth the days of the week.
We know that we are able to get that information from our primary date.
Right.
So I'm going to do something here.
First of all, it's all going to be a text.
Correct?
Yes.
So, OK, so what I'm going to do, I'm going to use the format date that we used before and then when
I pass the weather and go get the date for the date.
Right?
Very good.
So what I'm going to do next is I'm going to split right once I get this formatted date, which is going
to look exactly like this.
What I want instead, I want to get just that.
The first part, right?
So what I'm going to do, I'm going to split from where we have the comma.
And just get this first part there.
Oh, look how clever this is, so then I can go like they start split function and pass the Daily Mirror
saying, Where do they split from?
Or by this case, I want to split by the comma.
And then when that's split, what happens is that it will spit out or it will create a list in this
case, and the list will contain this first side index zero.
And the rest is going to be index one.
What I want is whatever it's inside of the list.
In this case, the first item, which is the index zero.
That's why I can go ahead and do something like this.
Just invoke to get index zero.
So now I should only get this Thursday.
From this entire date.
Right.
And while I'm here, I'm going to also do some modifying here using modifier.
I want padding
and start padding.
Let's just give it about five dpi.
Just give some space in the beginning, meaning to pull this in a little bit to the right.
OK.
Let's see if this works.
OK, very good.
So we have our rose, right small, but that will change Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday,
Monday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday.
Now what we want to do next is to continue adding these other items there now about.
Let's go ahead and tackle this image.
It's very simple, as you've seen before, all we have to do because we have reused or created pieces
of composable that we can reuse.
All I can do now is right after a text that we just created, I can call the weather image state.
State images such and past the image, you're out, right?
And it will take care of everything now for around this.
Very nice, right?
It's all the way to the right, that's fine, because remember, we're inside of this row and we made
sure that the vertically alignment is center vertically and arrangement spacing between.
That's why it's giving that space.
That's OK.
We will as we add more items inside of our row.
While all of these items widgets, that is, they will reformat themselves and look like this farewell.
So we're making real progress in the next video will continue adding other widgets, as you see here.